[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-lgpl_v2.1-blue)](https://github.com/HenryWinterbottom-NOAA/ufs_engines/blob/develop/LICENSE)
![Python Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.5|3.6|3.7-blue)

![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/linux-ubuntu%7Ccentos-orange)

[![Dependencies](https://img.shields.io/badge/dependencies-ufs__pyutils-orange)](https://github.com/HenryWinterbottom-NOAA/ufs_pyutils)
[![Dependencies](https://img.shields.io/badge/dependencies-cylc__flow__7.9.3-orange)](https://github.com/cylc/cylc-flow/releases/tag/7.9.3)

# Disclaimer

The United States Department of Commerce (DOC) GitHub project code is
provided on an "as is" basis and the user assumes responsibility for
its use. DOC has relinquished control of the information and no longer
has responsibility to protect the integrity, confidentiality, or
availability of the information. Any claims against the Department of
Commerce stemming from the use of its GitHub project will be governed
by all applicable Federal law. Any reference to specific commercial
products, processes, or services by service mark, trademark,
manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply their
endorsement, recommendation or favoring by the Department of
Commerce. The Department of Commerce seal and logo, or the seal and
logo of a DOC bureau, shall not be used in any manner to imply
endorsement of any commercial product or activity by DOC or the United
States Government.

# Cloning

To obtain the application, do:

~~~
user@host:$ git clone https://github.com/HenryWinterbottom-NOAA/ufs_engines
~~~



# Branching/Forking

If a user wishes to contribute modifications done within their
respective UFS-RNR-cylc branches/forks to the authoritative
UFS-RNR-cylc repository, we request that the user first submit an
issue and that the branch naming conventions follow those listed
below.

- `documentation/user_branch_name`: Documenation additions and/or corrections for UFS-RNR-cylc.

- `feature/user_branch_name`: Enhancements/upgrades for the UFS-RNR-cylc applications.

- `fix/user_branch_name`: Bug-type fixes for the UFS-RNR-cylc application.

- `hotfix/user_branch_name`: Bug-type fixes which require immediate attention and are required to fix significant issues that compromise the integrity of the UFS-RNR-cylc application.

All UFS-RNR-cylc application coding additions must follow the
[PEP8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) style guide or the
pull-request will be returned and ignored until the user fulfills the
style compliance. Further, all issues and pull-requests will be
monitored by the UFS-RNR-cylc developers.